TODO:

simcity clone, when a space has roads on all sides show buttons R,C,I residential, commerical, industrial for zoneing
when an area is zoned building should apear 
for each building spawn one car that starts driving on the roads

make the game a sandbox game

draw two paralele tracks called A-track and B-track on top of the road tiles they should work with the corner, intersction etc tiles. in settings allow user to turn the A-track or B-track on or off

allow user to add cars to roads, when a car is dragged on top of a road tile it should start moving on the road and when getting to an intersection it will randomly choose a direction and turn towards it and continue driving. when it reaches the end of the road it should u turn back. when another car is its way it should stop and not crash or overlap other car. if the cars cant pass each other they both should make an u-turn.
add option to add turrets to cars. 
turrets should fire bullets on enemies that spawn outside the city and move towards the city.
bullets should fly and explode on contact with any object.



DONE:

allow to place multiple objects on same tile, if there is a mesh there already the new one should be placed above it 
add config for each asset subfolder. it should look for a config.cfg inside each subfolder, if not found use default settings
settings file should also contain cam position, lookat values and a zoom factor default to 1
in config file allow user to set model scale for individual meshes as well
allow user to drag around already added assets and rotate them, dont allow stacking unless a new settings dialog checkbox is checked

add properties button to open/close a panel on the left side of the screen, allow user to see/edit the selected assets position, and size and y position. for position show both grid position and also real x and z, if user edits x and z then dont use grid position for that asset 
create a new gd and tscn file for the properties panel

allow user to change z-index of a tile to push it down or up add buttons for up/down in the property panel for changing z-order, only enable them if the tile has more than one asset on it. the up/down should recalcute the y positions of the tiles
add hotkey and button to change selection when multiple assets are on the same tile to the toolbar

in properties panel add option to switch position from free drag back to tile position and visa verse

add road building function so road tiles adjust based on other road tiles around them to connect properly and rotate

add delete with right click
add button to start new blank scene on top, make filename to undefined so save will ask for filename
